# The-Battle-of-Neighborhoods
Capstone Project - The Battle of Neighborhoods
Introduction & Business Problem :

The City of New York, is the most populous city in the United States. It is diverse and is the financial capital of USA. 
It is a global hub of business and commerce. 
The city is a major center for banking and finance, retailing, world trade, transportation, tourism, real estate, new media, traditional media, advertising, legal services, accountancy, insurance, theater, fashion, and the arts in the United States.

This also means that the market is highly competitive. As it is highly developed city so cost of doing business is also one of the highest. Thus, any new business venture or expansion needs to be analysed carefully. The insights derived from analysis will give good understanding of the business environment which help in strategically targeting the market. This will help in reduction of risk. And the Return on Investment will be reasonable.

Problem Description:
Our client is looking to install an Argentinian Restaurant in the city of New York, but is not certain if the market is already filled with that type of cuisine.
With a well stablished brand, New York City will bring the exposure he needs to expand its restaurant brand in USA.

So it is evident that to survive in such competitive market it is very important to startegically plan. Various factors need to be studied in order to decide on the Location such as :

New York Population
New York City Demographics
Are there any Farmers Markets, Wholesale markets etc nearby so that the ingredients can be purchased fresh to maintain quality and cost?
Are there any venues like Gyms, Entertainmnet zones, Parks etc nearby where floating population is high etc
Who are the competitors in that location?
Cuisine served / Menu of the competitors
Segmentation of the Borough
Untapped markets
Saturated markets etc
The list can go on...
Eventhough well funded ARGENTINE Ltd. need to choose the correct location to start its first venture.If this is successful they can replicate the same in other locations. First move is very important, thereby choice of location is very important.

Target Audience:
To recommend the correct location, ARGENTINE Ltd. has appointed us to lead a Data Science team. The objective is to locate and recommend to the management which neighborhood of Newyork city will be best choice to start an argentinian restaurant. The Management also expects to understand the rationale of the recommendations made.

Success Criteria:¶
The success criteria of the project will be a good recommendation of borough/Neighborhood choice to XYZ Company Ltd based on Lack of such restaurants in that location and nearest suppliers of ingredients.


Python Notebook: https://eu-gb.dataplatform.cloud.ibm.com/analytics/notebooks/v2/63c90e80-0399-45f5-abb7-4599722ccca5/view?access_token=6f82f00c7b0353f725c2c32ca5ec6848a177c66a806c8a2ed19abe11bc6a7ea0
