Using credentials of Foursquare API features of near-by places of the neighborhoods would be mined. 
Due to http request limitations the number of places per neighborhood parameter would reasonably be set to 100 and the radius parameter would be set to 500.

New York is a key city to get your business brand be known around the world, it is a popular destination for tourism and a world business city. As a result, it is one of the most diverse and multicultural areas in the world.

Foursquare API:
This Capstone project have used Four-square API as its prime data gathering source as it has a database of millions of places, especially their places API which provides the ability to perform location search, location sharing and details about a business.

Discussion Section
Problem Which Tried to Solve:
The major purpose of this project, is to suggest a location in New York for the ARGENTINE LTD to locate its restaurant in the area of Manhattan.

Sorted list of venues by neighborhood in a ascending or descending order
Sorted list of argentine venues in NYC
Sorted list of argentine venues in Manhattan.

6. Conclusion Section
In this Capstone project, using k-means cluster algorithm I separated the neighborhood into 3(Ten) different clusters and for 82 different lattitude and logitude from dataset, which have very-similar neighborhoods around them. 

I feel rewarded with the efforts and believe this course with all the topics covered is well worthy of appreciation.
This project has shown me a practical application to resolve a real situation that has impacting personal and financial impact using Data Science tools.
The mapping with Folium is a very powerful technique to consolidate information and make the analysis and decision better with confidence.

Future Works:
This Capstone project can be continued for making it more precise in terms to find best house in Scarborough. Best means on the basis of all required things(daily needs or things we need to live a better life) around and also in terms of cost effective.

Libraries Which are Used to Develope the Project:
Pandas: For creating and manipulating dataframes.
Folium: Python visualization library would be used to visualize the neighborhoods cluster distribution of using interactive leaflet map.
Scikit Learn: For importing k-means clustering.
JSON: Library to handle JSON files.
XML: To separate data from presentation and XML stores data in plain text format.
Geocoder: To retrieve Location Data.
Beautiful Soup and Requests: To scrap and library to handle http requests.
Matplotlib: Python Plotting Module.
